AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM): AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a web service that helps you securely control access to AWS resources. You use IAM to control who is authenticated (signed in) and authorized (has permissions) to use resources. 

IAM consist of users, groups , roles and policies.
IAM user: An AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user is an entity that you create in AWS to represent the person or application that uses it to interact with AWS. A user in AWS consists of a name and credentials.

IAM user groups: An IAM user group is a collection of IAM users. User groups let you specify permissions for multiple users, which can make it easier to manage the permissions for those users. For example, you could have a user group called Admins and give that user group the types of permissions that administrators typically need.

IAM roles: IAM roles allow you to delegate access to users or services that normally don't have access to your organization's AWS resources. IAM users or AWS services can assume a role to obtain temporary security credentials that can be used to make AWS API calls. Consequently, you don't have to share long-term credentials or define permissions for each entity that requires access to a resource.

IAM policy: A policy is an object in AWS that, when associated with an identity or resource, defines their permissions. AWS evaluates these policies when an IAM principal (user or role) makes a request. Permissions in the policies determine whether the request is allowed or denied.

What security tools AWS IAM provides?
IAM Credentials Report: lists all the account users and the status of their credentials
IAM Access Advisor: Shows service permissions granted to a user and information on when he accessed these services the last time

Explain the use case for using the credential report
The credential report is useful to identify whether there any users who need assistance or attention in regards to their security. For example a user who didn't change his password for a long time and didn't activate MFA.

What the Access Advisor is used/good for?
Access Advisor can be good to evaluate whether there are services the user is not accessing (as in never or not frequently). This can be help in deciding whether some permissions should be revoked or modified
